The stream work?
Stream works. Cool. What on earth is
wrong with my camera?
There we go.
That's better.
Me do like this.
That seems better, right? All right, let
me grab one thing and I will stay the
plan for the day.
So, here's the plan for today. Um, we
really really need to have a version of
this
done
that we can actually like start running
experiments on.
So, we're going to try to clean stuff up
as much as we can uh with a focus on
getting things stable and getting ocean
mleed
and the like.
Now, I've kind of realized that I've
screwed myself a little bit with the way
I've designed this um with a couple of
the ends. It shouldn't be too bad, but
like we don't have a con at the moment.
Okay, breakout works. Cool.
So let's see the starting for this.
I think that's all that's in here,
right? One, two, three.
Oh, that age.
One, two, three, four, six. Okay, so
it's not that bad actually.
Thousand lines here. 1159 there.
this first and then it's going to be the
network. Now, I actually want to go look
in the Discord here because
how is there another Discord update?
There was literally one yesterday.
They keep like shipping
I don't know what they're doing lately.
All right, so somebody submitted us a
very nice 2048 baseline,
and that's going to be the main thing
that we care about right now.
Wait, where is Maybe it's in the general
Now
I'm trying to see where the um
Oh, here it is. It was in Tony.
Okay. So, actually the long run it does
seem like this works.
doesn't learn very much though for the
first
500 mil actually.
I'm just looking to see if we have
changes in here.
Coder X4
remove game over penalty.
Okay, that's actually quite a few
changes.
Nose cap holding
Um, all the M's are going to need this,
but it's very like this. Easy, easy,
easy.
Is it actually going to be that?
Oh, wait. Does this
uh
Cool. So, this does get us this gets us
training.
Pure RL solve self-driving.
Um, you need some other stuff in there
as well, but it's definitely a component
of it.
Maybe not for Tesla because they have
unlimited data. Actually, no. Even for
their sim, I'm sure they still have some
in there. Um
RL is just really really good because it
gives you unlimited data across um a
bunch of different categories.
Cam from your talking AI war freshman
taking intro to C classes done with this
course can jump into puffer mouse. Yes.
Uh absolutely like pay attention to that
class. Um,
okay. My camera's lagging from this dumb
experiment. Let me kill this. So, yeah.
Uh, that
my intro class to C really threw me off
of systems programming. Um, they forgot
to tell us what an address sanitizer
was, so that was basically just GG.
Um, but yeah, it's if you want something
that's like pretty simple to kind of get
like uh like what's the barrier to entry
before you can actually start writing
some basic RLMs and having some fun and
learning some stuff. If you just look in
puffer lib ocean,
that's snake. Snake's a good end, right?
Here's the code for snake. It's like 300
lines. It doesn't use anything that you
shouldn't have seen um in your intro
course. It's like very very simple. The
only library uses external library is
ray for rendering which I highly suggest
using. Um
so if you can write something like this,
you can already start writing
interesting little environments for RL,
learning some stuff, uh getting better
at systems dev and you have a really
really nice on-ramp.
And some environments of this complexity
end up being very useful. Like if you
check out all the ones on puffer.ai,
it's not obvious upfront which of these
ended up being uh super useful for
research.
research papers. Yeah. And my guide
actually does exactly that. So, I have a
couple of guides on X that will walk you
through exactly exactly that.
Really not too much fancy in here. It's
just a big old run.
Okay. So,
if we want to get this thing working
today,
what are the criteria for a useful end?
See, it's kind of difficult to figure
out ahead of time. I I mean, I can show
you a couple examples. So, like breakout
ended up being very useful because we
can train it in seconds. And this is the
simplest environment we have found that
if stuff works well on breakout, it
generally is a pretty good indicator
that it works overall. Um, Pong is not.
For instance, Pong is too simple. You
can just insta solve Pong and it with
basically anything. Um, Tetris and 28
were both introduced around the same
time. 2048 ended up being much better
than Tetris even though Tetris looks way
cooler and is a way more fun demo
because on the research side 2048 scales
way better and uh it actually is a
pretty high ceiling for task complexity
and like this is just a really really
solid robust task. Neural MMO as well is
just a ludicrously hard task. We use
this as our hardest possible test. Um
drone is a very nice continuous end.
It's pretty much the only one we have
for good continuous control.
Uh, let's see.
Yeah, I mean like different M's are
useful for different reasons.
There's always you can always like look
and try to add something to the current
library here. Like one of the ones
that's not on the website that we use a
lot is Mazes. That's an awesome end. Uh,
and then I saw recently uh Tim in the
Discord made a Soaban end. Soon, if you
go look up that puzzle game, is an
incredibly incredibly awesome end for
RL. And I just not I had not thought of
that somehow. Um
so I mean it's mostly like just trying
to add some sort of interesting
challenge in and the more you know about
RL the more you'll be able to like find
those types of things and figure that
out. But initially for people that are
just getting started I generally suggest
people just make like some fun cool
looking games. uh keep it super simple,
learn a bunch, and then kind of just in
aggregate when we run all this stuff on
the ends, a lot of them end up being
super useful. Even the ones that aren't
super useful for research often end up
being cool demos and cool sanity checks.
And once you're able to write stuff
that's more medium complexity, then it's
a lot easier, right? Stuff opens up a
lot. When will we get the edited version
of the AI summit with the slides?
Probably today. Um, Weston is I think he
sent me the upload. So, I just got to go
check it and download it and then like
stick it on YouTube
and pay him of course.
Okay, I got to get my Hang on. I was
broke my train of thought doing that
How how good am I going to require the
policy be?
The problem is it's too long of a run
now, right?
Yeah, this is a 15 hour run.
So, they've made the task too long in
the process of making it this good.
Okay. So the main thing I think that
like there are a couple places of
uncertainty here, right? So first of
all, we have this new backend. The
backend seems to work. We don't have the
positional embeddings in the network. We
actually have not replicated even before
I did this, we hadn't replicated the
full thing.
I think that the thing that's going to
make the most sense
at the moment for me,
we found some bugs I believe in the
previous version and then I got
distracted and I didn't run those
experiments fully. So I think I have to
go look at those for a bit.
If I have to run more experiments, they
need to run today.
Um,
in the meantime doing that, if that has
to run, we can port
what? Neural MMO and a couple of the
other Ms that we're going to know that
we need for testing. Maybe mazes.
So, we can port some of those M's over.
Mazes will actually be a very good one
here.
So, we have several different sanity
checks available to us.
What about the actual cleanup? What has
to be cleaned up in the code today?
Any specific topics of RL you'd
recommend to work on? Uh, it depends on
your level of experience.
Yeah, very strongly depends on your
level of experience. Right now with
Puffer 4, um, we're mostly just making
everything super fast and simple. That's
the point of this version. Puffer 5 will
be very different. It will be very
algorithmic.
credit report MJ lab the puffer can't
get to start training can you have a
look
uh when you say you can't get it to
start training if you link me something
quick I can take a look I'd like a
little bit more of a description
Okay, these are very short experiments
and they don't work too well,
right?
But to be fair, these are also these are
so so short
any GPU CUDA programming. Yeah, we're
doing all sorts of CUDA now in Puffer 4.
The we actually our Puffer 4 training
back end is raw CUDA.
So you'll still have the option of using
PyTorch, but our CUDA back end is like
way way way faster.
And honestly, probably one of the best
ways to contribute to Puffer if you
don't want to go super deep on the algo
side. If you'd rather go on the end
side, like the back end is the place to
be. I do both of them. I actually spend
more of my own time on the end side. I'd
say though, by far,
Okay, here's this one. We had a rollout
ratio
This is a copy.
Wait,
is this even wrong?
Roll out.
let the stupid thing gaslight me. How'd
you get to the do the Warwick talk?
What's the backstory? I've been working
with Sam and Finn on the drone stuff.
They submitted me like the best uh
environment PR I've ever received. Just
like super high quality drone
environment that worked very well. There
were a couple odd bits on the RL I
helped them with. I like helped them set
up a bunch of additional configs. Um but
really I mean they did all the work on
the end and a whole bunch of experiment
stuff. So I sent them a drone to like
play around with. It sucked. Uh, I sent
them a better drone to play around with
and now they're playing around with
puffer li on actual hardware.
Get rid of this bot
which needs to fix their stupid bot
problem.
It's like several per day.
Wait,
now I'm confused.
There should be a commit for this,
right?
Yeah, there will be a commit for this.
A24
massive bug fix.
This is I I want to make sure first of
all this was definitely bugged.
Yes, this was definitely
incorrect here.
This one uses rollout values.
Interesting.
Did you give away the drones for free?
I mean, they're working on like they're
contributing stuff to Puffer,
so we're getting cool demos and cool
environments and stuff in Puffer. Um,
but like no, I didn't charge them money
for it. They said they wanted to work on
it, so I sent them a drone.
Why is Twitter full of unrealistic hype
making, folks?
Um, it's a best fool. I don't know what
to tell you.
All right, I gotta stop answering
questions for a couple minutes here,
guys, because I got to like get my
thoughts clear on this. Um,
so what happened before is we were
running the 40 O baselines
without either of these two lines of
code doing anything.
These two lines of code
update the uh important sampling ratio
and the value estimate
each mini batch.
So here that means that using what roll
out values and old values
So yes, either using puffer rollouts
values or roll like these would be the
same. So this bug wouldn't have any
effect because this bug is already
worse.
this should match actually. So, I I
think we need to get this run to match.
We need to get a run to match our
previous perf, right?
Yeah. So, look at this. We have way
higher score here.
this something like this is quite good.
All right,
we have a couple M's reaching uh
reaching 65K
and we've got this one is 20K plus
in uh less than 10 minutes.
Wait, 20K plus in less than 10 minutes.
Okay, I remember this run being really
nice, right? This genial oath run
27k
and then it's got this nice sample here.
So, let's go get this one.
I'm going to put this over here so I
don't mess it up.
Now we need the policy params.
No, the uh the train params, I mean.
This is a sketchy clip co. Very, very
sketchy clip co.
Uh, a lot. If you're solving it without
sweeping and you're solving it quickly,
then whatever. If you're trying to
speedrun it or, you know, you're trying
to see if there's like a, you know, if
you can do better at the end though.
Yeah.
And sweeping is the part of it.
So for reference, I basically consider
um when people tell me like, "Oh, method
A better than method B or whatever,
unless you've done a full full hyper
sweep," I consider the results invalid.
my laptop. That's the problem. You're
running on a laptop.
I've made RL pretty damn fast, but not
running multiund experiment sweeps on a
laptop fast.
How far can a GTX 1650 go with Puffer 4?
Uh, you can run plenty of experiments,
but just you're not going to be doing
it's like the same thing as like running
on a laptop where you're not going to be
running multiund experiment sweeps, but
you'll still get some reasonable
training speeds for the small ends.
Actually,
probably in some sense this is going to
make it easier to run puffer with older
hardware, right? Because we're just
using CUDA. Um, so if we're not using
like brand new CUDA features,
then you can just install whatever
version of CUDA, right?
That was interesting. And let me make
sure I did this right.
Can we run sweeps on your cluster? We're
a little slow on hardware at the moment.
I need to buy some more. But yes, in
principle we do give um we give
contributors access to our hardware.
Yes.
Like you have to actually be doing
something directly useful to like poor
puffer research. Um but we do give
contributors access.
I posted the Discord. Yeah. One second.
Let me look.
Uh, I can't tell that if that's
exploding entropy. That depends on your
action space. It looks like you're
getting 150k
steps per second training though with
puffer which is pretty cool for MJ.
Uh
looks good.
You don't have uh stats on this though,
do you?
I can't tell if anything is wrong based
on this. Then I can see it's spending
half the time in the end, which kind of
means that the end is uh what's making
it not go way faster than this.
Yeah, you definitely want to get some
like episode return or success metric
stats in here
to start with.
When you said it wasn't working, I
didn't know. Um
Oh, what's this?
I mean, if you're using our default
hypers as well, are you?
Uh,
looks like you're not,
but like where did these hypers come
from? Because you have a completely
different architecture.
like you're not using the RNN
like I guess like why do you expect this
to work out of the box and what tells
you it's not working,
right?
If those are hypers from somewhere else,
then you have a like completely
different algorithm and everything set
up here.
And yes, what if I I would like to I got
to finish four. I'm working on it as
much as I can.
But then these results came from Puffer
3.
Maybe that means I need to match their
hypers and their setup with puffer 3.
Let's start with this.
Let's actually in the meantime as well
let's go check the way we do this in
puffer 3.
Which one do we pass?
So in puffer lip 3
basic MLP from the start. So try to
calcate continuous action branch
hypers is taken from my majo demo. Uh,
you can add Kong. He did those. But I
believe does our Majoko demo use RNN
like they're not guaranteed to transfer
at all.
And typically what we do when we have a
new environment like this man is we
throw our default network at it uh with
default params and everything. We expose
some metrics. We try to get it to at
least do something non-trivial, like not
even work, right? Just do something
non-trivial. And then we run a sweep
because that's relatively fast now in
Puffer, right? Even with those ends.
That's the usual workflow
to like get a new task working.
Okay. So, right here, this is the value
update. Where's the ratio update?
Ratio update.
Right
now, we can see this is at least doing
something reasonably good here.
advantage calc self do values right
which is the new values
and then
when you do value function clipping
New value comes from
here
Okay. So there is is there clipping on
this at all?
No, there is still clipping on it. It's
a little different though.
Okay, let's see how this is going.
Ah, okay. So, this one does track
uh genial oath, which is the original
run
right here.
I'll let this one finish.
We'll take a look at that and then maybe
what we'll do is
maybe we'll see if we can get this
result with the clipped formulation of
it.
What would it mean if this were not the
case?
Oh, wait. Hang on. Is this important
sampling even correct?
Cuz you do
values rewards terminals ratio
No, this is still correct, right?
Because log ratio is new log prop minus
mb log prop. So this ratio is correct.
I actually don't know if this should be
the new value or the old value.
So now I guess this is tough to say
because
Here,
I'm going to use the restroom and do a
couple quick things while this run
finishes, I suppose. Or should I wait
for it?
I should wait until I can cue a longer
run, actually, because I'm going to need
to take a few minutes at some point to
go do a couple things as well. So, let's
wait until this finishes so I can cue
another run
and
Let's go try Kyouong's params. What do
you update to update today anyways? So,
Jess, we're trying to get everything
stable enough so we can like start
merging things and start running
experiments around the clock because
it's just it's taking too long and we're
running out of time in the quarter. So,
yeah.
The main thing at the moment for that
today is if I can get 2048 stable in the
new code, I'll be happy. And there are a
couple things I need to resolve to get
there.
you need to do ops normalization and do
you need to define box low plus minus
three and leave this default and flip it
at stuff. Um,
so yes, uh, compared to a lot of
robotics toolkits, if you're coming from
there, they just throw, um, an
obsormalizer
thing on all their M's. We don't do that
by default. So, you either have to add
one or what we do is we just make sure
our M's are returning reasonably
normalized obs roughly negative one to
one or 0ero to one or whatever in the
first place. Um, yeah.
And I think you should define high and
low. I don't know for sure if those get
used. You definitely want to clip like
actions that are way out of bound
though.
So there are some major differences. Um,
one of the reasons I hate working with
robotics M is like a lot of robotics RL
vehicles are actually horribly broken if
you look at them, but they have a whole
bunch of bugs that cancel each other out
or a whole bunch of dumb things they do
that cancel each other out. So, it's
actually really annoying to replicate a
lot of robotics results in a new repo.
Um, and it's like you feel stupid, but
actually it's them that like it's their
stuff that's stupid.
Do you allow other poor contributors to
approve PRs? No,
because that's part of it is I review
everything personally. It just it takes
me a while to get to stuff for it when
I'm in the middle of like working my ass
off on um the biggest update ever to
Puffer that introduces the fastest RL uh
out there by a factor of five with no
torch. Like there's a lot to do, man.
Okay, I think this is a good enough
starting point, right? If I just comment
the rest of this,
and I will be right back. This runs, I
will be right back.
Well, okay. That experiment failed
miserably. It just seems
Score. Okay, it's actually not that bad.
It did decently and it cracked towards
the end here.
We're down to 2600 lines for chess. That
is quite good.
If you submitted me uh a 3,800 line of
uh code chess, Jess, I would tell you
that that is approximately going to be
the length of all of Puffer 4's CUDA
back end.
Surely you're not going to submit me an
end that is longer than the entirety of
Puffer 4.
Right.
So, arguably this was kind of going okay
until it crashed. Right.
Not amazing
now. Let's go double check. Oops.
Uh, I fully believe it's possible to
build a useful end in 200 lines.
All right.
Um,
go check what version we just ran this
on.
So, we just ran the old hypers
old hypers
against
Yeah. So this is the non updating code.
This could just be hyperde.
compute advantage, do we have old
values?
No, we don't have old values.
So I think then this would be correct if
I just comment.
So,
Let's just see what this does.
3.9 mil per
SPF.
Be decent.
His original model also has the position
encoder though.
Try like this first.
Okay. So,
while this runs and obviously we're not
going to sit here for 40 minutes, but we
just want some initial um initial
confirmation. So,
there are a few possibilities here. So,
first of all,
let me just put all the information
together.
So, we had a bugged version of the
trainer
that got three to four second breakout
solves.
The first fix to this got reasonably
close to that, a little slower.
Um, but we couldn't replicate the 2048
sweeps were much much worse. So, that's
a pretty strong signal. It actually
wasn't working as well.
It could also be in the way we set up
the sweeps. Things could be screwy.
What are the chances that the bugged
algorithm was just better?
You can do the same thing with
importance just by sweeping generous
clips. So that's not it.
The value changes the advantage
estimate, doesn't it?
bit confused what the snake python file
is about. Can we make m Python?
Uh,
you're not going to want to because
it'll be way slower
and it's not any easier. Believe me,
this is just a binding file, man. Look,
there's no logic in here.
So, this is literally just a binding
file. It's just initializing.
Um, this is the case in Puffer 3. We
don't even need this in Puffer 4.
In Puffer 4, like this is just
redundant,
but in Puffer 3, we have these little
Python binding files.
Did this thing just crash?
It did, didn't it?
Yeah, it was working and then it
crashed.
Screw you.
No, we should be able to match. The
thing is we should either way we should
be able to match Jung's run
like this.
The problem is that the hypers are not
fully expected to transfer, right?
I only ran very short sweeps as the
thing before.
oath?
That's a really high replay ratio.
Maybe that's good enough
because
actually let's just see if we're
matching on score.
See how the early curve looks like
score.
Okay, so we have here we've got steps
This is only a billionish. This is under
a billion steps to get to over 20k.
Okay.
Yes. This is massively better, isn't it?
This is massively better
and it trains substantially faster as
well.
I'm actually pretty comfortable in that
case keeping the original dynamics if we
have to,
Yeah.
So, if we have to keep original
dynamics,
it's not that bad.
And then we can basically investigate
what the heck is going on.
It's not a totally jank algorithm
either.
You still do get the clip on the logit
which is the important bit.
Okay.
Let's just keep this then.
So we're basically going to keep the
bugged version.
What do you think it's better? I don't
think it is, man. I think we're going to
have to run a bunch of experiments, but
I think that there's just some screwy
hyper thing going on.
Let's see what it does with breakout
first.
what do we use on advantage rollout
values
which is going to be the same thing
either way we don't have old values good
very
No, I think this is correct here
because it's not puffer. Yeah, I'm okay.
Let's just recompile.
Okay. So, it does a little bit worse.
on these params.
see if we can get this running on the
big box.
It's not completely broken, but it's
bad.
There should be no torch now, right?
No torch.
This is the first time training this one
on the new architecture.
Get 23 million SPS with a very small net
pool. Oh, and you'll notice um this
number is different from over on this
box. It's only guaranteed deterministic
on the same CUDA architecture and
everything. So, it should give us 817
again. Exactly.
Yeah. So, it's deterministic.
Uh this is still 4 seconds. In fact, I
think it's 3 seconds on this. So, if we
reune hypers a little bit. Yeah, it's
like three three something. Okay. So, we
didn't really lose any perf. We're still
fast.
Do you need piny tiny puff zero?
Uh, I'm not using that at the moment.
Spencer might be. You can go ask him.
I'm not on that. You can. If it was
mine, then yeah, you can use it. I need
puff. I'm only on puffer max right now.
Just
I just need the 5090 bucks for testing.
Should buy some more of these.
No, I just need this one for now. Just
this buffer max.
When I do start running the big sweeps,
I will need to do I will need to use a
6GPU box. Um, but that's not going to be
for a bit.
Is it supposed to be?
Go look.
No, you're good for a while, Jess. Don't
worry.
Yeah. So it is 512 apparently.
Actually don't know what this
architecture is then.
Cool.
Uh well, we we will play with this a
little bit then.
Let me go make some tea. I'll be right
back and then we will continue. The goal
is if we can get a good enough 2048 run
on puffer 4 that like roughly matches or
whatever, uh, we can go from there.
That's kind of the main thing to get
done. I'd be back.
be back.
this is not a very good run now, is it?
What's going on here?
Just run some verbage.
Okay. Well, it's the wrong hyper, so
that's at least
something.
Um,
yeah. What the heck? Where'd these go
Okay. It's weird.
We'll just real quick then. Um
Sure.
We get all this
clip.
What am I doing? Where are the betas?
Beta beta.
Let's just go from the top. We're just
going to full
full send all the frames from here.
Right.
so we can actually get on the core
refactors today because I can't have
just today be experiments.
I need to have experiments running.
I need to get refactoring.
Okay. So, the only objective here is
going to now be to get this
this run to replicate the
porch version with G the genial O maybe
run.
That's literally all we need to do.
So now we know that
with quite a bit of certainty, even
though we found a major bug,
fixing it is not clearly better
and we can take it in an ablation.
Um, and there's also you'd have to
reasonably quite substantially
I think on the old version even to find
comparable runs.
All of which is going to be
made dramatically easier once we have
the speed improvements.
Yes.
Like this.
Hello, welcome. I like algorithms and
math. How can I contribute to Puffer 5?
Uh, so the the main plan for Puffer 5,
it revolves around exploration.
The literature and exploration in RL is
absolutely terrible. I think anything
that's based on R&D is awful. Uh counts
are counts is an amazing baseline, but
anything based on pseudo counts is also
[ __ ] Like E3B being the best of
those. I think that the only thing there
a couple things in exploration that have
any merit to them. The one that I'm
going to be working on on stream for
Puffer 5 is going to be probably based
around Go Explore unless I find that
this is a terrible idea. So if you want
to just go read the original go explore
paper,
the plan for puffer 5 is roughly to do
that um make efficiently state setable
environments and to uh do smarter state
sets based on like advantage or
something rather than having an archive
with a heristic.
That's going to be the plan.
There are also a ton of little ablations
that we're going to have to run that are
going to be highly empirical on the
court itself,
but I think that is going to be the
important paper.
I'd be pretty surprised if it isn't
somehow, you know. Um, it feels like
that should be of anything that's the
thing that has the most merit.
Yes, it's going to have to be heavily
modified. Just the original algorithm
like is not usable. You need heristics
for it
like the original like algorithm it's
not even usable in any way uh for
general ends.
It's more so just taking the the core
concept of it and saying okay I think
that this idea of state set should work.
No, like we won't have a curistic is the
point J
like it's not usable because you need
per and furistic We won't have that.
It's not a useful algorithm if you need
that.
Um, we're going to try it with advantage
most like it's probably going to be
something like you know replay
uh high advantage segments.
The goal of it is to bridge the gap
between offpaul sample efficiency or
whatever in some sense. And
the the key thing is that you need to be
able to get like fresh on policy data in
the areas that you need to train. That's
what it gives you.
You can look at it as a form of
curriculum learning in some sense.
It's mostly I guess. Yeah, I would sort
of mostly look at as a form of
curriculum learning.
They do this stupid.
No, this works.
Wait, this is what we need.
Am I running the wrong version? Like,
what the heck?
Oh, maybe it just takes a second to get
off the ground.
No, it doesn't.
It really shouldn't. Okay,
I just want to make sure I'm not have it
still.
Then is a param in here? I don't think
so. Right.
Okay. Well, if I broke this and this is
very bad.
Yeah, it's just full crashed.
Okay.
I bet you this break somehow because we
haven't tested it, right?
Hey, just just finished uni looking for
job in AI. Do you have any
recommendations
or do you know something? Well, AI is
now very very broad. So, I mean that's
going to depend on what you've done and
what your interests are as well as where
you are.
So far that's the same
RL
that has been my main focus so far.
Uh I mean if you're actually coming out
of undergrad with substantial RL engine
experience that's good then you should
have quite a few opportunities because
that's literally the hardest thing out
there.
I mean pretty much you can do just about
anything across like real in uh in AI if
that's your experience. It really
depends what you mean by that though,
right?
like the RL setup that we have now I
think rivals a lot of um LM work and
complexity
in the sense that it's like optimizing
small models and optimizing big models
are both pretty tough
It's not competitive.
There are a ton of people, but the ma
vast vast majority of the people in the
space are morons.
It's not actually competitive if you're
good.
you so far.
Oh, you were the 2048 contributor. Oh,
hey, that's freaking awesome. Yeah, you
know, we're using your end for like a
ton of research now. 2048 ended up being
an amazing end. I'm actually doing stuff
on it right now as we speak.
Okay. Um man, the thing with Puffer is
we don't hire full-time because um all
of our work is contract based. So, uh
basically, if I hire full-time, I have
to guarantee a steady stream of
contracts and then I have to like, you
know, hedge salaries against risks of
having to pay uh full-timers when we
don't have contracts. So, at the current
size, it's like it just doesn't make
sense for us to hire full-time. And
people are way happier when we hire them
for contracts and just give them half of
the full value of the contract. Um
I mean if you're able to do like if
you're doing substantial lowle though
which you are like you should be able to
do quite a bit. Um,
companies are good since that aren't
like crap that would hire remote
cuz you're not going to find like local
German stuff, man. There's not
there's just not that much going on in
most of Europe other than like Deep
Mind. Maybe um
Deep Mind and like Mistrol a couple
places.
I mean I guess I have a very biased view
cuz in my mind like if you really really
have a huge amount of background then
like the best things you can do is if
you want to join something you join one
of the top labs open AAI or Deep Mind or
whatever. um or you do your own thing at
the moment. Like these are in my mind
the best things to do.
There are a huge number of companies
that you can like just find that are
doing AI stuff these days if you look
for them that you will be overqualified
for. Um
I'm trying to think of what I would do.
It's very difficult for me to put myself
in the position though of not having the
mindset that I have about how I do my
stuff.
Not getting responses from recruiters is
just getting autofiltered, man.
I mean the one nice thing I will say
with Europe is um you have all of the
conferences are within train distance.
So like any of the conferences that are
in Europe you can just take a cheap
train to right and go to
That's probably
if you're trying to like get to people,
that's probably one of the better things
you can do.
2048 ended up being a really freaking
useful end.
Do you have a Twitter? I'd be happy to
give you a shout out for that.
See if anybody's looking for a a dev on
it.
I mean a dev in like AI and nge
especially if you give me some details.
I can't guarantee you anybody sees that
does anything on that but you might get
a couple promising DMs.
I'd also I
we don't really have we're not really
looking to line up too many more
incoming contracts at the moment or I
would see if I could set something up
with that.
We have like a couple big ones we're
working on at the moment most likely.
Let's
make some stuff.
Yeah, I can offer that for you at the
very least.
Is it hard to contract people in
Germany? I'd have to look into that. The
problem with puffer right is like I can
like I will keep you in mind now if I
like ah yeah we need like plus one uh
contractor for uh you know this or that
or else in
keep you in mind but it's not like a
steady stream of work as much as other
stuff is
like I've got stuff to keep Spencer
occupied for the time
But it doesn't just like balloon up to,
you know, several people's worth of work
easily.
this is just like verifying um FP32
can be used.
You should see the new back end as well
and it's we have like raw food
everything now
more active on Discord. Really cool
state of the art model for 28.
Yeah, it is state-of-the-art. We had
somebody get 131K as well which is the
max, right?
I'm still trying to replicate that in
40.
It's like very new this back end. Um
it's very very exciting because you know
we can do RL without torch
which is pretty cool
but there's quite a bit of work
associated with getting it to be clean
and simple.
I think I'll let it do this for now
because ultimately I think these are
going to end up in precision t so
they'll go away.
Everything is C and uh C and Q to C.
We're going to still work there's still
going to be some work done to make um
Torch compatibility quite good. So
you'll be able to use a bunch of stuff
with Torch.
But the cool thing is we're going to end
up with a uh you know 4,000ish line back
end
that is just
raw CUDAC
It's also perfectly numerically uh
everything is perfectly deterministic
which is very nice.
is it semi-stable? Like, is it worth
playing around with? It's not. So, this
is not even merged into 40. This is this
weird static native branch. I'm trying
to get this merged in very, very soon
because it's a mess.
Um,
it's like almost there.
It's like it's such a process. Like you
see me using these stupid language
models and I hate hate hate that I'm
doing it this way. But the problem is
that Torch had so so much bloat that
like it's such a large number of
incremental refactor operations to get
this into the shape that it should be.
It's very very difficult to do that
manually. So at least I have very strong
tests and then I am manually like going
through and making sure or like
condensing stuff so things stay compact
and sane.
Um but like in my mind I'm not going to
recommend everybody use uh use this
until I myself stop screwing around do
with this so much with language models.
Like if I'm not wanting to edit the code
myself manually, then probably it's like
not ready.
Sections of it actually I can edit
manually and they're very clean. But
other sections are just not quite
see like it's adding all these stupid
little ad terminals.
Finishing up. Yeah, I'm working hard on
it. Like,
it's going to be really freaking cool
This should be numerically a little
different.
Okay, that's weird. It should not be
numerically identical here.
so the precision option just wasn't
getting used. That would make sense.
This should give us something
numerically different now.
And now we also have the muon
orthogonalization. I believe an FP32.
Um,
yeah, that's weird.
Nifty little end. You'll you're going to
end up with the same problem you're
going to get with scaling your light
lights out M though, which is the obs
are going to be very big if you pass the
obs.
Okay, this bill wasn't getting passed.
That's fine.
This is probably worth investing in,
right?
At the very least, if we're seeing
crashes, we can't be seeing bad spikes
and not loss
and not have the option to investigate
precision.
Right? Because in my mind, like yes, it
can be aggressive pipers. It could be
other stuff. Could also just be
precision.
You don't want to be losing the
numerical precision. It's lame.
Okay, this runs this is slower, which is
what is expected.
Uh, it nanss everything. Interesting.
Probably get out of this machine for a
bit.
Mini grid like N. I've saw the high.
I was zeroing N forward to the beginning
of C step. You're supposed to zero end
rewards at the beginning of sea step.
High episode reward return at the
beginning of training.
High episode rewards at the beginning of
training.
Was zeroing in rewards the beginning of
sea stuff?
I don't know why that's um well, I did
tell you it's probably a sim bug, though
I don't understand why that specifically
is a sim bug. Ah, okay. Yes, this it
forgot to do this. Cool.
You got to link me code, man. Cuz the
description you've given me doesn't
match what I would think.
Okay, this is
this is correct. FP32 training.
Okay. So, this should be a substantial
speed penalty, right?
Wait,
why is this not deterministic?
51.
Is this not deterministic here?
If so, that's very bad.
Happen to get deterministic aloser
election.
So now it's expected to be much slower
for FP32, but that's okay.
you know
that's a full solve. off.
That's too much variance. In fact, I
would think
We got a monitor to make sure this
doesn't lose its curve.
It probably forgot about the workspaces
thing.
The hell is it?
Deterministic NBF16.
I don't understand why.
Oh, there was something weird in 2048,
wasn't there?
Let me look at the latest. So
okay 2048 is not that long in three in
They're just doing this because you
can't return multiple things in C.
Right? So, they wanted to pull to see
whether you moved and then they just
wanted to populate the reward in the
score.
And then they don't zero the reward up
top.
Um, but then it doesn't matter because
they always said it. So, we typically
tell people to just zero the reward at
the top of CSTEP because otherwise you
can forget and you can let stuff
accumulate. They didn't do it here, but
they correctly they're assigning it
directly and they don't have any paths
that don't let it that don't get it
assigned.
I might just zero the damn reward for
you every step in 40. That would be
easier.
I was setting emperor rewards at the
beginning and I was messing up my
logging.
That was messing up in this end and your
your own end right
doesn't look at the reward.
It's possible like end word was getting
messed with somewhere else.
Well, Codeex isn't going to know Crit
because I don't have his code. I mean,
he can paste his code, but
I could get it if I had his code.
like cuz it seems like it is actually
wrong at some point.
Yeah, this would be this would seem like
it.
I'll try this but then I think it's
probably something is actually wrong in
the uh the workspace.
That would probably be what it would be,
right?
just slightly off.
Solve an LSTM.
I mean, it just like that basically
shows you that the field focused on the
wrong stuff.
instead of having the stupid thing being
doing this dumb thing repeatedly.
Back numbum buffer one names really.
annoying.
Very very annoying.
Okay,
that seems promising.
Man, it's so close. It's just slightly
all
I have 16.
Wait, do I have 16k, babe?
It's not the shared me limit.
Dota is not solved.
I mean, you
they could have spent more money and
trained the full pool, dude. It's just
the fact that like the cost kept going
up with um more heroes. They didn't have
to change the approach really for
different heroes at all. It's the same
thing.
And realistically, like while that was a
big project by the standards back then,
that was a absolutely tiny project by
the standards of AI now.
So, I mean, they solved this the full
game with the only restriction being a
limited hero pool and it was still a
pretty decently sized hero pool.
Yeah, it's just [ __ ] wasting time.
All right.
Yeah, still nondeterministic,
right?
If I can figure this out, this will make
it a lot easier to debug the rest of it.
definitely need this working with one
buffer. Once it works with one buffer,
we will basically be able to see whether
the determinism thing is from that or
not.
Maybe something's still hardcoded or
whatever.
provide a separate workspace for each
stream.
One cool blast handle per stream
probably this this plus the threading
stuff.
We'll see.
Don't be surprised if it's still
nondeterministic with um with one
buffer.
Doesn't make sense to me that it would n
instantly on this
Yeah, it looks like a kernel is
crashing.
I mean, it gets super fast, meaning that
Probably it's just not being um
Yeah, I lab's boring.
They're not really doing um
they're not really pushing stuff forward
um with the per person impact that they
were before.
They've kind of just like forgotten
about several important areas of AI, set
them back by a decade and drained all
the resources from them.
So I if I'm doing this, I can pretty
much just ensure that uh reinforcement
learning is where it needs to be. You're
going to see this used in a ton of very
very useful places.
Um,
yeah, it's mainly just that this pack
needs to exist and if I don't build it,
it won't exist.
Okay, we just need a way to like error
on
this. Is what I get for not adding the
errors to my launches, right?
Okay, I'll let it finish this. I'll just
have it go stick some temporary errors
because look from this SPS it's not
actually launching the kernels. It's
erroring somewhere and I'm not getting
the error.
So that's what we'll do and that should
get it.
So the plan is basically get error use
that to fix rollouts um or num buffers
equals one setting. Use num buffers
equals one setting to figure out
determinism.
Use FP32 determinism to then figure out
or to at least isolate numerical
instability as a possible source for
training failure. Uh use that to then
isolate and improve
2048 benchmarks. Match previous training
PF with the torch back end and then
merge this entire thing in as stable.
start running a bunch of sweeps and
experiments on it and in parallel over
the next several days we can clean the
rest of this crap up while we have the
initial experiments going.
Um, and then once it's clean enough, we
can kind of like start fleshing out the
whole suite of experiments. We really
just need to have good runs on neural
MMO 2048 and Breakout before I'm
confident it works everywhere. Maybe
mazes as well would be a good one. Um,
but it's really Not that that much. And
then we can do everything.
Shouldn't be larger batch sizes.
Okay. So, this thing has not found
anything
at all. This just wasted a bunch of
tokens.
Piece of [ __ ]
um I mean in the sense that we pretend
it's probably useful while it still kind
of sucks maybe
there's just massive overinvestment I
think at the moment in humanoid stuff
and Um,
the approaches in robotics are really
dumb and bloated. Like I think that
they'll be able it's actually that's a
good comparison cuz they'll probably
make it work enough that they can make a
ton of money, but then the approach
itself will be fundamentally wrong for
uh solving the whole the problem as a
whole.
Yeah, robotics needs more investment in
like fast simulation
analysis of actual fidelity
requirements.
Um,
RL plus RL plus IL minimizing IL data
requirements.
There's a whole bunch of things for
that.
Use this
or this most likely after
everything else.
Okay, that's what we want.
Just go through add the freaking checks
everywhere.
And we can already start just like
doing this and seeing if it gets caught.
Why do you have such a cynical view of
the big labs?
cuz I was there when they were actually
small and really agile and doing a bunch
of cool stuff.
Join a small lab then like a startup
that's similar open AI. Welcome to
Puffer.
Hello Tenm. Hello Tenmakuma.
Tenuma.
Hello. Welcome.
Despite the mess that you see me doing
over here, um the product of this is
going to be very very soon around 4,000
total lines of just raw CUDA that is
very very simple. CUDA for the most
part, very easy to use.
That will be uh the fastest RL out there
by just like a ridiculous margin.
Super stable, deterministic,
integration with tons of ends,
great platform for us to be doing our
research on.
All this crap is getting deleted
once we fix some
fix the bug.
I'm trying to compile my code thing. All
right.
So, this should give us
some idea.
Wait, what?
654.
Ah,
it did move.
Puff advantage cuda.
It's on puff advantage cuda. And if I
delete this,
I don't know. Is there any requirement
that companies have to have a CEO and a
CTO and whatever? Can you just make up
titles?
Do you play Dota yourself? Do you think
Dota? I played a little bit actually
when they were doing that result so I
could understand it better. Could be
humans if they scaled the whole P hero
pool.
It would be unlikely. Why would it be
unlikely?
They literally had it as a mirror match
in the first version and I was like,
"Oh, well, it can only play these five."
And then they scaled it and they just
kept adding stuff to the hero pool.
Like I think that aside from a few of
the a few of the um the heroes that need
to have they have like weird inputs
additionally that would need like net
adjustments. Like I think most of the
normal heroes Yeah. It's just scale.
like they didn't even do anything
particularly sophisticated to scale it
at all.
They kind of just more GPUs. And it
really isn't that many GPUs by today's
standard at all.
anything with like
anything that requires like microwing
multiple characters would be annoying
for the action space, but then uh it
would like the AI would be way better at
humans once you add it. And then stuff
that like people consider hard probably
wouldn't be that hard for AI. Like
Invoker probably wouldn't be that hard.
I know the considerations are pretty
different. Like they did shadow fiend
mid originally, right? Because it just
has like three button press skills.
They're really easy to represent.
They're really hard for people to learn
to land properly.
Um, but they're really easy for the AI
to represent.
How do you see go explore integration
working? Hyper sweeps.
No, it's Well, we'll sweep it over like
I mean that'll be part of it'll be
sweeps in the sense that like we sweep
everything, but no, go explore won't be
for the hyper sweeps. It'll be for the
core training.
What are the best robotics used for the
algorithms? I think Boston Dynamics does
a lot of uh a lot of classic control
actually.
How's this interact with num buffers at
all?
Is it getting called with the wrong
stream or something?
How's it going? It's going all right.
We've got like this whole chain of bugs
to fix annoyingly
Train stream.
Everything gets trained, right?
It is the first op that gets trained
though, isn't it?
Put a device synchronized. So, we get
synchronized here.
So, wait, why is train stream?
This is the default stream.
What do we graph on?
Is there like a switch on nonbuffers or
some [ __ ]
Okay. So we have
buffer states
partially observable.
Partially observable is like default.
That doesn't matter.
The amount of compute used for it was
not even insane by modern standards at
all. It's like the amount of compute
they use on a relatively small model.
You do it you could probably do it on
like 128 or 256 chips today.
Um
so many combinations of things is like
the ideal for high performance sim,
right? Like that's that's what it
solves.
You might have to, you are correct that
there might have to be some difference
in the item builds because I think the
item builds where I scripted maybe even
static.
But the thing is like you probably can
just get them to the point that at least
for playing three games versus any team
in the world, it will just crush them.
Now look, if you're going to say, "Oh,
well, in order to be considered solve,
you have to be able to like they have to
be able to play a thousand games against
it and find every possible item cheese
that they can come up with for like
things that weren't in the training
data. Okay, but like pro matches don't
actually work like that. You don't get
to play the same team a thousand times
until you find the one thing that beats
them.
Hey, Weston. Oh, let me get you your Do
I have Zel on here? I might.
Let me see.
Is my phone dead?
My phone's dead. Let me go plug this in.
I know I have a Venmo. I forget if I
have a Z.
I'll do the one that doesn't take a cut
of it either way.
Oh, okay.
Cool.
And the full amount is going to you I
would hope right.
Yes. Well, let me charge that and I'll
get that overdue. I might have to
or whatever. But that's fine. No big
deal.
Price tank.
Yeah.
wait when they aren't aligned
all the pointers.
I was wondering how on earth this thing
broke.
Maybe we can do that. I think that might
break grabs.
Let the phone get a little bit of
battery, Weston, and then I will uh send
that over. Oh yeah, I could also
download your video that I not show your
Let's not show that address on screen.
Oops. Download.
Download.
Is it only 365 megs?
That's like really good, isn't it?
Nice.
This looks super solid.
Uh, I will start that upload
and get your monies.
It's annoying because it doesn't let me
select like
you want to earn money from the uh the
default ads.
This is we want to show viewers fewest
ads possible.
Cool.
And I will also post this to X.
is actually not far off with the uh
that's pretty much it at the farm
except the car. It's a car.
The heck is up with this?
We'll go double check. 7. Wait. 788.
Okay, it's still deterministic. Good.
Why could this not be?
I can literally see it locally.
Why can't I post this? Damn it.
Incompatible audio codecs,
bro.
Why?
Oh, wait. Max resolution 1920.
But it'll just down res, won't it?
Wait, what? Did you send me You sent me
giant breasts, didn't you? Oops.
You can re-encode.
Uh, if you give that a try, I'd
appreciate it. So, I can stick this on
X.
Let's see if this fix determinism in the
meantime.
Go get up and uh phone battery. He'll go
pay you
Hope this is great and very common.
Yeah, it's X.
Oh, yay. This is now.
I think we got it right.
Yeah. Precision equals slope. Perfect.
So, it only is going to be
I wonder if this actually fixes
does it fix both? Sure,
Okay, so it's still uh one buffer. It's
only nondeterminist two. Okay, cool.
Well, that narrows it down a heck of a
lot, though. Uh I'll be right back. Let
me go use restroom, grab a new mug of
tea, get my phone,
my western paid, and we will figure out.
So, the thing that we were working on
before all that is the determinism. So,
we fixed the one buffer shenanigans and
now we can basically figure out the uh
the determinism problem. I'll be right
back.
Okay. Still being processed.
Let me see where I can get the uh
my phone just like dead.
Oh, it's got a boot. Cool.
Raising awareness for repo.
Are you drowning in PR debt?
No, it's helped tremendously.
There's no PR debt. It's like, yeah, I'm
behind on a bunch of PRs, but I will get
to them. Um, I'm focused on 40 right
now. We've got more people using it,
which is good.
Like, I have a whole bunch of awesome
M's in my inbox basically that I get to
add in support for all these M um pretty
much as soon as I I'm set with 40 on the
PRs.
That's all good stuff.
Okay, try this first.
It's local.
2 months old. I have way older PRs than
that, man.
Honestly, Actually, one of the things
I'm looking forward to the most with uh
the advancement of Puffer is just
removing as much Python crap as
possible. It's just it's the worst
language ever for maintainers. It's so
bad. Like everything rots in Python.
Like you want to run code from two years
ago, good luck.
A million scam apps in the Play Store.
Hang on.
Wait, what is that? Like, did Zel get
deleted or something?
Okay. Well, the top app on Google Play
is a scam copy apparently.
Hang on. Apparently, I have Apparently
they my bank does have
it directly in their app, which is what
we want.
part of your bank. There used to be like
an app
email address or US mobile phone number?
Money.
There's the thing. All right, I found
it. It is literally just in the bank.
Strs are huge, but yet you don't pass by
reference.
Uh, I do.
Where do you see that? Uh shoe. Yes, I
do.
I love quad
quad author and that forex author
authentication.
Okay, cool.
And now I can
Weston, you can let me know if you got
that.
I don't know. I got to love how it's
literally more of a pain in the ass to
set up Transfer for $100 than for
$100,000.
>> We love your banks.
All right. Um,
it's just stuck. It's literally just
been spinning this entire time. That's
hilarious.
Slides.
Very nice.
Thank you.
Well, we'll let that finish uploading
and then we will be good.
Uh,
I did like 400 would be like for a
trailer or something that actually needs
substantial edits.
This was putting an audio file on a
video file.
There were a couple other very small
things that needed to be inserted.
video follow audio file on top of images
and video.
Yeah,
it was like basically here's recording
here slide deck
two hours was bumbling. All right.
If it's four hours, four hours does not
count you having to set up your video
editor.
But yeah,
Let me start going and looking at this
thing.
I bet you that there's just like some
some weird jank thing.
So why the heck? How on earth does it
work with BF16? So
Okay, so
we have it down to multiple buffers.
What gets changed here with multiple
buffers?
Thank you.
Looks good.
So, how on earth is this thing broken in
FP32? Huh?
And it's only broken with wait hang on.
It's only broken with
one buffer. I mean without with multiple
buffers.
But now I'm very confused. Why don't we
have
roll out.
Where does it get roll out from?
sample logit
I don't know.
policy forward
buffer buffer activations above.
Okay. So, I just have one set of
weights.
Something of getting overwritten
somewhere. But I'm sure
See, it's just written. This is just
such a [ __ ] mess.
Code is so bad.
like cuz some of these runs are very bad
is the problem as well.
material? Yeah, I don't know if we're
ready for that stuff yet. It depends on
the app.
Wait, they say
all input tensors
are converted to Bflat
in both forward and back.
FP32 master copy
reduce accuracy loss.
Okay, so this is the way that we would
do it.
Um, do they have momentum buffers in
here or are they using SGD?
They should be using Atom, right?
96.
They have code
Do you need to keep uh the momentum
values?
Wait, is this deterministic?
Oh, it's so close, but it's not.
Let's run it a few times. See if any of
the runs are bad.
This is infrance only, dummies.
See, like some of these runs like 658.
That's not good.
higher learning rate.
That seems very odd.
Knock knock.
No. Okay.
Uh, let's just get rid of this
spam account
could be even better. We really just
need this to be
I guess I we can technically do it with
one buffer.
The thing is I'm worried that it's just
not correct.
Why the hell is it deterministic for
the F-16?
Okay. So, this is probably
probably different.
It would actually be so much easier if
we didn't have to do mix precision,
right?
I do actually wonder if we need to um
You do pure B float
I mean, I suppose this is like not if
it's just the weights in flow 32, that's
not bad.
I see.
So that would also mean the momentums
So, we can just keep it this way.
Jesus.
Literally, how many of these stupid
crypto accounts do I have to ban a die?
[ __ ] off.
Yeah. So, I think we are going to try to
keep
I do wonder if you need the momentums in
um
been building metal kernels for 40 post
static native
target that yeah this is what we're
trying to do we're trying to get um the
static native into
It's got no torch in it, which is pretty
freaking cool. Um,
wait, does Metal literally have their
own is it just like an entire dupe of
the ent is it like duping the entire
uh entire kernel's back end to support
Metal?
Like what is this for? It's Is it even
fast?
Cuz like it's not it's absolutely not
worth
um doubling the size of Puffer 4 to
support still stupidly slow training on
Apple [ __ ] hardware.
Wait, what?
Where are their colonels?
Way faster than whatever Fort Native
work on this.
Do you know how fast it can get? I'm
kind of curious.
My understanding was that the Apple's
hardware like their hardware is just
[ __ ] and no matter what you do, it will
always be [ __ ]
So, this is going down this rabbit hole
again. This is not going to work.
I can't figure out why the hell it's
nondeterministic in FP32.
Uh I have nondeterminism working in in
Bflat but not in FB
and it's only with multiple buffers as
well
at the moment. You want to see it in the
PR?
Well, the thing I'm worried about is
it's like if I'm going to end up with
like 3,000 lines worth of kernels and
stuff, right?
And you're going to add like you like
literally just end up doubling the size
of the m like the maintainable puffer
for um to support metal.
Like if it turns out people can train at
10 million SPS on their Mac, then maybe
I'll change my mind on that one. But
I mean, last we've checked the Torch MPS
backends were barely faster than CPU.
Maybe their back ends just suck. But
that was even on like large batch stuff.
I can't be spending unlimited time on
this.
Whoops. Right. I said I was going to go
run for uh for lunch. Okay, cool. Uh I
will be back in like 10 minutes. I got
to go run quick quick quick quick lunch.
Um and then we're going to figure this
stuff out. I will be back.
20K in metals 230K existing. Yeah, but
the thing is about like you can rent an
Nvidia GPU online for like 5 cents an
hour and it'll jump to 4 million.
I'll be I'll be back in like 10.
What in the hell?
God damn.
All right, I'll be back in a minute. Um,
let me just ban
this one.
Ban
Then
this one.
Then this one.
Stupid crypto bros have nothing better
to do than harass people. They're not
going to deal with their [ __ ]
anyways.
No, I should probably just do
I'm not affiliated with this scam.
Okay, here's the plan.
I can't figure out why uh this thing is
not deterministic. So, we're going to
just stick a bounty on this thing um
once it's stable. And we're going to see
if we can get this thing to at least
train on the main uh the main machine
for now.
Do we still have all these launcher in
Yeah, they do every few months. It's
just this dumb [ __ ]
I don't know if it's the same guy on 10
accounts or it's just their Discord of
morons, but
I don't understand the point. Like,
they're not getting a ship from this.
Back in my day, we just link people to
the freaking Rick Roll video.
Is that all we need?
Yeah.
Single buffer
and then flow skill
turn four buffer.
No, there's no token. It is the
[ __ ]
Any further commentary on scam? And it's
just we're just going to anybody that's
like commenting on this crypto, I'm just
going to assume you're one of these. So
any comments from here on on that are
just going to be insta banned.
I'm not dealing with this [ __ ] today. I
got real [ __ ] work to do.
It's not dropping frames.
Why' this server just cut out?
The goal is to reproduce this thing
here.
I was going to try this in FB32 next.
No, we're getting rid of that one.
Not doing this [ __ ]
And if I do this,
I get FP32.
I'm going to assume that FB32 isn't
broken. It's just nondeterministic.
Wait, that shouldn't have been the same
speed.
Oh, that's super sketchy now because now
I don't know. Actually, hang on. I can't
know.
If it's the same score every time, then
it's going to be uh it's the same one.
817.
Was that what we got before?
Yeah. So, it's not actually compiling
somehow with um
Why is this not
Oh, precision equals float. That
shouldn't run without
That float 32 that shouldn't run. That's
really bad.
Okay, this is slower now, right? Yes.
Good.
Okay, so now we have this one. Now we
can build 2048.
I don't think this will work, but at
least this will be a
useful sanity.
This will be sanity against against
precision related issues.
Chrono launch error.
Really?
Uh, I don't see how that's possible
because
Okay, so I guess I have to try
2048 locally.
I mean, it has to be, doesn't it?
Literally what we just did.
Can we replicate the bug here? No. Yes,
we can. Okay.
Um,
this is where I think it is, right?
Oh, it's on multinnomial with
replacement now. Interesting.
Okay.
Invalid argument.
It's probably the alignment thing again,
right?
It's in a different spot now.
Oh, it is probably your shared memory
then, isn't it?
Should memory exceeds default limit.
Yeah.
Just like go away.
Block.
Okay.
Um,
It shouldn't be doing it this way.
This is where the deterministic
reduction isn't met though.
Let me get rid of this and let's just
private agents.
Okay, let's not O myself.
We'll just add this one real quick.
Okay.
Uh, so this is super slow.
It's in FP32.
Uh, we do get to compare this now
though, right?
Just go like this.
We basically just get to see
whether any of this learns anything.
In the meantime, it's actually really
weird to me.
Yeah, it's very very weird to me
that we're not replicating this at all.
So, let me just double check one more
time in here.
Got our betas. That's the correct name.
We got the clip co
the entropy co.
Learning rate
norm size
alpha
beta
you play.
So, why the heck doesn't this replicate
anything like at all?
It's going up now, but it's just bad,
right?
But no, it's just like
near zero.
This is the training version from before
as well.
And this worked over there, right?
I mean, we need something that's not
breakout um replicable on this
before we can ship it.
I guess this should confirm FP32 is not
the at least not the sole culprit.
I think what other stuff there is
that we need to uh to mess with here.
Yeah, I also I believe that I trained
this on not
we can easily check, right? I can go
over to the 40 branch with these params
and we can double check over there.
We should probably do that next.
It is actually starting to learn here.
So I am wondering if there was something
to
if there possibly was something
to the precision issue.
Hang on. No, not really.
The uh the original net's actually just
one LSTM layer, a bunch of linear
layers, so we have more than them.
Okay.
That's non-trivial score. At the very
least,
we'll see if this thing is stable.
I guess we can compare this exact thing
to this exact thing with
uh with be float if we would like.
Yeah, definitely. Well, hang on. Didn't
we train this with mixed precision? We
did.
I guess it's possible we broke
something.
train this originally
without rollout buffers getting updated.
I have that setting now.
We trained it on the torch back end. Now
we have our custom back end. Custom
backend port has been pretty darn
careful though.
right down to the
numerical equivalents.
Couple ops that maybe I could have
messed it up in.
We did use the default net as well,
right?
What's this perk?
Is there something else here?
It hasn't reached 32K.
This actually this metric is very close
or closer.
Maybe not horrible.
Oh, wait. This axis is time.
Oh,
hang on. Yeah, this axis is time
in steps. It's way closer. You see?
So, it's slow because it's an FP32,
but actually looks like it's working.
Let's let this keep going for a bit and
then we will essentially we'll see if be
float is uh is the culprit here.
what is the best reference on the bloat
stability?
anybody done like a really good study
for training?
Let's actually go check
weights plus optimizer states.
Okay.
So, we'll keep this here for now.
Okay. So, we'll keep this here for now. Would you consider reviewing some of the
Would you consider reviewing some of the
pure programs? Of course. That's like
one of the things I offer to do when
people PRM. I'm just super behind right
now because I've been busting my ass
trying to get 40 done and 40 is just
this massive update and it's pretty
hard.
But like yes, that is something I will
do. All the M's nicely integrated
and well reviewed.
It's not matching,
but it's like good.
I'm trying to remember what I trained
this one on. I think this one was
What are the differences here? I
definitely I trained it on the torch
back end.
Did I change anything else with this
one?
This was not even the custom encoder or
anything.
I pulled hidden.
Well, look, if it if we get this thing
looking pretty similar in FP32 and it's
completely broke with BF16
and we have some numeric strange
somewhere, unfortunately,
which would be pretty weird because
we already really weren't using torches
numeric anywhere, were we?
Okay.
So, we still have instability here. We
see.
So, it's not just FP32.
I'm gonna give it a minute or two.
Oh, look at that. Wait, right here.
Shoot. We don't have losses log for
this. But this should never happen to
the policy gradient loss, right?
Like what the heck is this?
Oh yeah, there are a lot of really cool
downs. Of course,
I've seen several base mid pretty
recently.
Um,
flipping fraction is
spiked and then back down. Interesting.
I wish we had these stats for the
original run.
Okay, let's real quick here what we're
going to do.
We're going to um we're going to keep
this config file. All right, then we're
going to go over to
We're going to keep this config
right here.
What are we working on today? We are
attempting to figure out
We are attempting to figure out what on
earth is going on with
this here.
We're attempting to figure out what the
heck is going on with this um
uh this new back end of ours, this new
torch back end or a non-torrch back end
rather. And we're trying to figure out
numerical differences, why stuff is not
working as it should.
Yeah, we got a lot of instability to
resolve. We got for working cleanly on
our simple tasks. We got to figure out
what we screwed up here.
I have a guy who's offering to do a
course project around the fuse can
operation which would save us a ton of
time.
Is this learning?
Hang on. If this doesn't repro, then we
have a problem
cuz something's jank.
Oh, shoot. It's already
2:45.
Yeah, this is definitely not matching.
Okay.
Good night to you as well.
Okay, this is broken. Yeah, this is
completely broken.
So
now I'm confused because I ran the setup
build 2048.
No, I'm not in Massachusetts. I've
graduated. I'm in Florida at the moment.
I spend a lot of time in Maryland,
though. I'm in California.
This is messed up.
This is super messed up.
Yeah, this is on 40.
Um,
the only thing I can think of is think
is did I mess up? Oh, wait.
Hang on.
I bet I know.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I bet I know. I bet
this thing here.
I bet it's this.
Yep.
Okay. Let's see if with this
if this replicates
go from here what thesis you worked on
in PhD.
It's right here. You can read it.
Neuralarmmo massively uh multi-agent
simulation and learning. It's also on
YouTube if you're like would like a much
more entertaining and uh well generally
much more enjoyable coverage of the
material.
Okay,
this
Oops.
this. Test this
3.9 mil per 1.6 mil SPS.
We'll see if this trains
this replicates
then this config is correct.
That would be a good solution for multi
game with evolving stage.
Um, I mean, if it's as long as it's not
like a game that's completely dependent
on language or something, then yeah,
it solves all sorts of fancy problems.
You can play neural MMO on puffer.ai.
The latest version of our MMO
environments, human playable, bunch of
other environments are as well. Leave
that one. You just have to tap control
or whatever to take over for the bot.
Okay. So here with this fix
with this fix uh this is now looking
good.
So
uh we'll wait a little bit to make sure
it's actually correct.
Isn't that a lot of params for this
game?
Isn't that a lot of params?
Wait, what do you mean isn't that a lot
of params for this game?
Oh, 3.9.
Uh, no. You'd actually be surprised.
2048's very hard. It's not hard to get
2048, man. It's hard to get like 65k
in the thing. It scales very, very well
essentially.
Also, vault, you'll appreciate
I got the the Kraken petted 800 KC
yesterday.
Got to get that environment actually
there so we can see the agents get them.
Any idea about RLbased world models?
I think world modeling is one of the
areas of lit where the science is
egregiously bad. Um most of the stuff
that is presented in the lit doesn't
actually work the way it's written on
paper. I think there might be some
applications of it but it's going to
look very different from the way they're
currently being used.
Isn't sir isn't isn't sir doing work on
real machine learning? Yes. So I work on
high performance reinforcement learning.
Uh reinforcement learning is used for
interactive optimization. So agent
interacting with an environment which
can be any of a number of different
types of simulators. Most research and
reinforcement learning uses games
because they're very easily
interpretable. So they make very good
test environments u for our algorithms
and for our uh tools and infrastructure.
Okay. So this tracks perfectly here.
Website link in the bio.
Do I not have it?
Okay. So, this perfectly tracks. We can
see, right?
So, this is the exact thing that we ran
before.
So, any mismatch
in this is legitimate.
and where is it?
Train imple
this block at the bottom should be
commented and it is
good.
Index copy kernel index copy kernel.
How to get started in RL is there fix
motor app. I have the exact article for
you, my friend.
Here you go.
This is the best educational piece of
content I've produced. It is all free.
It will link you to a number of other
things and you will be on your way much
much more quickly uh than with most
other startups.
Hang on. This is training initially at
least, right?
So, like if I look at this.
Oh, it's under though, huh?
Maybe
Okay, this is not bad.
So if there are numerical instabilities,
that's
Wait, why is this working now?
It's like kind of working, right?
Oh, wait. This is what happened before,
right? It's like it got to 4K and then
flatlined or something.
Huh.
Let's see what it does here. I mean this
should be full deterministic as well.
This is BF16.
Sir, how did you get into MIT? What's
the referral? You had to take an exam,
graduate from AI ML engineer to get into
the PhD.
Okay, so in the US stuff works pretty
differently. Um
yes, there's technically a standardized
exam. It's very easy. If you don't get
near perfect marks on it, like
you have bigger problems. um like I
decided to take it, studied for it and
took it in like a week. Um it's very
easy exam. Uh the main thing is having
already done and published AI research
and then having somebody there who wants
you as their student. So I had already
worked with Philip at OpenAI, he went to
become a professor, I got accepted there
because he wanted me for his lab. I also
got into CMU just on merit of my
research without knowing anybody
personally. Either of those can happen.
Um
and I graduated from Stanford with a
bachelor's in computer science emphasis
on AI. Uh having published formally
published uh one bit of research in
natural language processing with a few
other white papers in computer vision
and a little bit of reinforcement
learning.
Well, not a little bit of reinforcement
learning like I'd already been working
on my thesis project for two years
basically before I started.
So, I don't know. The way you get into a
PhD is by having already done half of a
PhD.
That's kind of how it works.
All right. No idea what's wrong with um
FP32 here. This is okay enough for now.
I'm going to see if this thing is
relatively stable or not. I think we
still have some numeric strength going
on here.
We shall see.
Uh, I will be right back. Let me use a
restroom and we will continue for about
another half hour and then I got to go
work on some client stuff.
No, I did not switch career.
AI and ML is a sub field of computer
science and engineering.
I've been working on AI since I was 16.
Man,
there isn't an AI major.
You study computer science?
Oh, come on. Is this actually gonna
freeze on me?
Do you get asked to work to work on LM?
Well, not really, cuz I don't advertise
it, right? I have a couple people try to
hire me like out of puffer to work on
LLM once in a while and it's just like
no.
Maybe if you go write me one of those uh
semi- madeup hund00 million up offers
then I can do that for a year or two and
then I can just fund my own lab
indefinitely on that. But outside of
that, no.
Uh oh. All right. So I think it is
peaking here and we are getting the
decay.
So yeah, that's a big problem
if that is the uh the case. What what's
going on here? It's just like
frack entropy
entropy crash
this. Yeah, our the RL they do is really
simple.
We took model entry in them.
Well, we build our own models. Our
models are very small. We don't work on
like other people's big models,
huh? Okay, hang on. Maybe this is not
crap. Maybe it's okay.
I remember there being quite a bit of
variability in the run to run with this.
So, even if this gets like 15k, I'd be
happy.
LLM is really easy.
Like, it's easy because it's it's easy
and hard at the same time. Like, there's
just not that much you can do.
Okay,
we're going to be using this.
Good job, Raon.
What do we have?
Ah, okay. So this is not amazing, right?
We get 13K.
I mean, it's numerically pretty stable.
It looks like I don't see any big spikes
in the loss.
So, there's definitely the FP32
implementation. There's definitely
something jank with it. The BFL one
seems okay.
Is there any dip here?
No, there isn't.
Okay, so somehow we actually have this
fixed enough.
If by the time I have this cleaned up
enough for 40, we still don't have FP32
clean, I'm just going to put like a $500
bounty on it.
I think that that's reasonable. I've
been wanting to put more bounties on
stuff. And like,
yeah, realistically, I probably can come
up with like five or 10 different
bounties for 500 bucks a piece that
would improve the project a lot.
what GPU you work on. This one I'm
working on a 5090 at the moment.
Most of our GPUs we run on, we run on
like 4090s and 5090s though. Actually,
we are going to want to test some stuff
on H00s, H200s, maybe even GB
um for the release. But most of our
stuff is on consumer cards.
said dance strange. I don't and I don't
like I don't follow all of that stuff. I
do reinforcement learning like this type
of RL.
You can see some of our work on
puffer.ai. It's a lot of games because
games are good for research, but there
are drones on there. There's driving. Uh
we have a bunch of other applications
for clients. We do finance, commerce,
bunch of stuff.
We good here?
Yeah, we're good here. Okay. Um,
I think we have to clean stuff up.
That's the problem.
Oh, no. You know what we need to do? We
need to run a sweep on this version of
the code. That's what we need to do.
Can we do that?
Okay. So now this is actually good
because what this means is since we got
this to run, I can now leave this server
doing uh basic sweeps and I can start
debugging those, you know, two or three
times a day
and making sure stuff is reasonable on
this version
while I clean up the code. Google
simulation AI similar to RL.
Uh there's Sema thing. No, it's that's a
big world model. They want to do RL I
think with it, but it's a very very
different approach. Our Sims are very
very fast. Like we build domain specific
Sims that run more than 10,000 times
faster than something like that, but
they're not general. They're task
specific.
Okay,
this is fine. So now
I actually think we probably Well, we
definitely need to do the Muan cleanup.
We're going to leave the FP32 versus
BF16 stuff for a bit.
Let's take look at the latest uh word
count.
Wait. Star Cu
H.
Okay. So, models is chunky,
right? You know, we wanted to port um
models. Let's do that.
So, custom encoder.
Honestly, it's the Neural MMO one is the
big one, right?
Yeah, the neural MMO one is the big one.
Cuz if I open up Legacy Ocean
actually
here,
uh, I can literally get the the cool
thing is I can get the model to just
port this.
I mean, how many of these really need
their custom model?
Decent number.
So, let's just up let's start updating
some of these ends, then. Oops.
check up
break up break for
I'm 17. What would be relevant stuff?
Some PhD researcher ra to get to work in
the AI companies.
Uh it depends on your country and like
how how stuff feeds in. Like I can only
speak into the US. Uh in the US it's the
hardest hardest thing in the US is
actually getting into undergrad. Like
that's believe it or not that's the
hardest thing. Um,
if you do that and then you're smart and
you work even relatively hard, um, and
you actually just focus on becoming good
at the thing, it's pretty
straightforward and easy. Like from
there, that's, believe it or not, that's
the hard thing. It's different
elsewhere. In other countries, it's more
like spread out.
Whom you discussing? What do you mean
whom you discussing? I'm answering your
question. Oh, I'm answering your
question right. I didn't see Philip's
question. I want to try on my allocation
on Fanta
until this will work on a super
computer.
Does it have Nvidia chips?
Um
like Puffer is so fast. The thing is you
can usually solve a lot of stuff on just
either a single GPU or a single node.
We do multiGPU and distributed support
though
and Puffer 4 is at least going to do
multiGPU single node probably multiGPU
multiode if people want it
So all this is doing is this is um this
is updating puffer from
uh unsafe per like RNG that is not
thread safe to RNG that is thread safe.
It's more than thread safe. It's um it's
going to be unique per environment.
So, this will help us quite a bit.
And then we can see if this trains out
of the box or not. I remember grid being
really screwy with the hypers.
Four nodes.
Four nodes or what though?
All right. Well, that came out with
restaurants.
Oh, they have super old GPUs on those,
don't they?
It's kind of funny that most of these
like supercomputers are just dated and
old.
I will say, Philip, if you're trying to
do RL, you don't really need much
compute these days. And Puffer is just
really, really fast.
Does this thing have a shared net? It
does have shared net. Horizon
when it comes out.
I mean, we literally just use desktops
and we're good.
To give you an idea, right, we're
training 10 mil plus steps per second in
Puffer 4 on a 5090.
Uh, what on earth is this?
Uh, what do we have for this? Like nurl
MMO.
got um allocation for computer vision
product not using OSU so I need
something to take up the rest
I want to try some RL have a lot of
noise limit order book data oh okay I
see yeah we do occasionally do finance
stuff um professionally, but you can
mess with it for sure. Oh, wait. John
Curtis, I'm making an agent game sim
where user can create a can interact
with other agents. Sim creator sims are
version of our world for the work for
this. Uh if you need to do RL then yes,
we do like ultra fast RL on a ton of
different sims.
Are you referring to SAT exam or getting
to the IV?
Yeah. So again, right in the US, you're
assumed, it's just assumed that you have
either a perfect or near-perfect SAT
score. Like that's meant to be not that
hard. Um that doesn't get you accepted.
You need other stuff.
Oh, okay. So, is this dated?
Num's out. Buffer M starts.
was going to do RL marketmaking seems
like a waste of time. We do have some
stuff in that space that's of course
that's not open source that's for
clients. Um it's not a total waste of
time but it's not trivial.
Have RL for action and sim and LLM for
interface and conversing. Uh so the
problem with that John is anytime you
have an LLM in the loop the LM is 10,000
times slower than puffer. So like puffer
wants to go fast and the LM go really
slow.
Quantum computing.
I have no idea about quantum.
I have no idea about quantum stuff.
Okay. What What did we do wrong here? My
backet. My back in it.
Wait, doesn't this here?
and my back in it.
This is the correct setting.
Why is this weird?
No,
it's called inside ve.h.
define. There's no declaration.
Uh, that doesn't seem correct to me.
It's like that would be a huge win.
Yeah, Tim.
Low prim LM model won't need anything.
Yeah, but John, like so Puffer models
can do inference at like literally 20
plus mills per second. Some of the
faster ones are even more than that. And
even the our slower models are still
like couple mil per second forward
passes.
Like there's this just massive massive
difference in scale. Um like puffer
consumes more data than all of LLM
training and we do it on one GPU or on a
few GPUs but they have way more
parameters.
Does this work
if I do this?
Oh, same error dummy. Okay.
We can try that.
Wait, that's a big network.
Uh oh.
Okay. So
Well, that's interesting.
Okay, we have grid working at least.
Um,
problem is neural MMO still needs the
custom net.
That's probably not that hard though,
right?
Okay. If they're out of sync,
few minutes behind the actual current
state,
but like there are different rates. It's
not just like lag. It's like different
rates, right? Like you can query the RL
model like a 100,000 times or more.
Actually, a lot more than that. You can
probably query the the RL model like a
million times, right? The amount of time
it takes to query the LM once.
Okay, let's make sure that it's not
messing up my nice MMO code.
This you better not mess up. This is my
code.
I spent a long time on this.
What's your taught on learns?
good to go or incomplete courses.
But on learning stuff,
a lot of stuff is incomplete for RL. I
have a very detailed guide posted on um
on X.
Is there a way to conver converse with
puffer lip? No, that's the thing. Like I
said, it's not language, right? So
puffer lip, it's tabular. Rasa RL means
you're training a a model from scratch
on a task via a reward signal and
actions and observations.
So, it's not going to be able to learn
stuff like language. It's really good at
stuff like control in game. It can
figure out a lot of like mechanics and
strategies and things. I mean, you can
take a look at some demos on puffer.ai,
right? Like there's some simple things
on there, but then there's some very
complicated things on there. Um,
I mean it's not like calling a language
model API though, right? RL is
substantially more advanced than like
being an end user of a language model
API.
You can take a look though on the
website. There's a ton of cool stuff and
um it's all very very fast.
So you can run it wherever. I mean the
demos on the website are just running
there on the website. There's not
they're not like running on a backend
server. They're running in your browser
including the neural net.
I got to make sure this doesn't break
our stuff.
Yeah, I got to go in a few minutes to um
work on some client stuff.
Have somebody waiting for me.
How long we've been live? Six and a half
hours.
Feels like I should have gotten way more
stuff done today.
It's kind of It's been a lot of going
around in circles trying to fix stuff.
We did get the thing working at least.
Language component blue is everybody
connect and analytics to have a
real-time dashboard. Yes, you can
absolutely they have a real-time
dashboard like we have weights and
biases for monitoring training. You
could easily hook that up for inference
as well. You can hook it up to anything
else you'd like. I mean, Puffer is super
super fast. So, real time is like easy.
Heck, Puffer can keep up with way way
more than that.
I mean, if you just like play some of
the demos on Puffer AI, you'll see it's
just it's a bunch of games. You can take
over for the agents. Um, the agents are
trained. They run in your browser. Uh,
you can run them locally.
training is super fast. You can run on
one GPU
and this library is the product of I
mean really just years and years of
research.
Some attention on the articles. Nice.
Little bit on the other the video
preferred asset designer generator.
Uh so for neural MMO 3, we licensed the
mana seed assets.
Those were pretty nice. Uh we've had a
few other things and then for stuff like
the puffer we just hire artists.
Many is good. Yeah, it's a little bit
tricky to get it set up. Um, like cuz
it's a whole bunch of sheets you have to
merge, right? So, we actually had to
write quite a decent number of scripts
to do random character generation and
stuff.
And then the weird thing as well with um
with these sprite type cheats is you
actually end up with pretty large
texture files. Uh, believe it or not,
like if you're going to pre because you
don't want to render everything in
layers. You want to pre-bake everything,
but then you end up with a huge number
of textures loaded into memory. It's
kind of funny that like the simple pixel
graphics, you actually end up with um
quite a lot of used memory.
Have your model so that others can use
it.
Yeah, that's not how it works, man. an
RL. We have a library that you can
download and use. It's not available
through an API. You just download it and
use it directly. It doesn't require like
it's not behind a third party wall. It's
all free. That's not what we sell. We
don't sell our models. We sell our
services. So, companies that want high
performance simulators for reinforcement
learning can hire us to build them and
to integrate them with our own tools and
as well as to do research and
development in the general areas of uh
high performance reinforcement learning.
Um, and they mostly they hire us for our
expertise and then for our experience
with the best toolkit out there
having built it.
Yeah, Jess. Um,
honestly, I think some there are like a
few that we could build, but right now
it's just so much on
uh it's like just so so much work on 40.
How our experiments doing?
It's like we're running
And I got to I got to just finish this
because I got stuff to do with Spencer.
Come on. We'll do the kernels later.
Maybe tonight.
Oh man, the the neural net for for four
is going to be kind of a mess.
Like that actually needs custom kernels.
We don't even have comps, do we?
It does technically run 1.7 mill steps
per second on the low-end machine with
just the flat network. So, that's kind
of freaking cool.
All right. Well, I'm happy with that at
least. Let's commit all this stuff up.
Did I miss anything?
I think this is good for now.
about our game.
They're not language models here.
Okay, I've got to go.
All right. Um, I got to head out because
I got client work to deal with. Um,
we've got a big project we're working
on. So, I might stream in the evening
tonight. We'll see. I might just do some
dev offline. Um,
we have some progress at the least. We
now have on puffer 4. We have at least a
reasonable quality model for uh 2048,
which is a hard test environment.
We have sweeps at least reasonably
runnable. So, we will see how this goes.
Um, and yeah, I think over the next
several days it's going to mostly be a
matter of like get more of the
environments running and sweeping, make
sure we have reasonable baselines,
clean up the code
until we can like do a full merge into
40.
Uh, for all the folks who are new around
here, this is all open source work. If
you'd like to help me for absolutely
free, just start the repository on
GitHub here. You can also join me on
Discord if you'd like to get involved.
And I have to update this link, but it's
now just J Suarez onx because I got the
custom handle.
You can follow me here for more RL.